Help removal (#2148)
openmicroscopy/ome-documentation: omero/sysadmins/server-permissions.rst

administrator (either a full admin or a restricted admin with the correct
privileges) or by one of the group owners assigned by the administrator (group
owners would typically include the PI of the lab). The group's owners or
administrators can also choose the permission level for that group. See
:guide:`managing groups

> <example_facility_manager.html>` for more information about how to administrate them

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<introduction/docs/group-user-management.html>` for more information about how to administrate them
```

.. seealso::

>     :guide:`Guide for sharing data <introduction/docs/index.html>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    :guide:`Data Management Guide <introduction/docs/data-management.html>`
```
